"TechnicalProficiencies DB: Oracle 11g Domains: Investment Banking, Advertising, Insurance. Programming Skills: SQL, PLSQL BI Tools: Informatica 9.1 OS: Windows, Unix Professional Development Trainings • Concepts in Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, ETL. • BI Tools -Informatica 9X Education Details 
 BCA  Nanded, Maharashtra Nanded University
ETL Developer 

ETL Developer - Sun Trust Bank NY
Skill Details 
ETL- Exprience - 39 months
EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD- Exprience - 39 months
INFORMATICA- Exprience - 39 months
ORACLE- Exprience - 39 months
UNIX- Exprience - 39 monthsCompany Details 
company - Sun Trust Bank NY
description - Sun Trust Bank, NY JAN 2018 to present
Client: Sun Trust Bank NY
Environment: Informatica Power Center 9.1, Oracle 11g, unix.

Role: ETL Developer

Project Profile:
Sun Trust Bank is a US based multinational financial services holding company, headquarters in NY that operates the Bank in New York and other financial services investments. The company is organized as a stock corporation with four divisions: investment banking, private banking, Retail banking and a shared services group that provides
Financial services and support to the other divisions.
The objective of the first module was to create a DR system for the bank with a central point of communication and storage for Listed, Cash securities, Loans, Bonds, Notes, Equities, Rates, Commodities, and
FX asset classes.
Contribution / Highlights:

• Liaising closely with Project Manager, Business Analysts, Product Architects, and Requirements Modelers (CFOC) to define Technical requirements and create project documentation.
• Development using Infa 9.1, 11g/Oracle, UNIX.
• Use Informatica PowerCenter for extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) of data in the Database.
• Created and configured Sessions in Informatica workflow Manager for loading data into Data base tables from various heterogeneous database sources like Flat Files, Oracle etc.
• Unit testing and system integration testing of the developed mappings.
• Providing production Support of the deployed code.
• Providing solutions to the business for the Production issues.
• Had one to One interaction with the client throughout the project and in daily meetings.

Project #2
company - Marshall Multimedia
description - JUN 2016 to DEC 2017

Client: Marshall Multimedia
Environment: Informatica Power Center 9.1, Oracle 11g, unix.

Role: ETL Developer

Project Profile:
Marshall Multimedia is a US based multimedia advertisement services based organization which has
head courter in New York. EGC interface systems are advert management, Customer Management, Billing and
Provisioning Systems for Consumer& Enterprise Customers.
The main aim of the project was to create an enterprise data warehouse which would suffice the need of reports belonging to the following categories: Financial reports, management reports and
rejection reports. The professional reports were created by Cognos and ETL work was performed by
Informatica. This project is to load the advert details and magazine details coming in Relational tables into data warehouse and calculate the compensation and incentive amount monthly twice as per business
rules.

Contribution / Highlights:
• Developed mappings using different sources by using Informatica transformations.
• Created and configured Sessions in Informatica workflow Manager for loading data into Data Mart tables from various heterogeneous database sources like Flat Files, Oracle etc.

2
• Unit testing and system integration testing of the developed mappings.
• Providing solutions to the business for the Production issues.

Project #3
company - Assurant healthcare/Insurance Miami USA
description - Assurant, USA                                                                                                    NOV 2015 to MAY 2016

Project: ACT BI - State Datamart
Client: Assurant healthcare/Insurance Miami USA
Environment: Informatica Power Center 9.1, Oracle 11g, unix.

Role: ETL Developer

Project Profile:
Assurant, Inc. is a holding company with businesses that provide a diverse set of specialty, niche-market insurance
products in the property, casualty, life and health insurance sectors. The company's four operating segments are Assurant
Employee Benefits, Assurant Health, Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property.
The project aim at building State Datamart for enterprise solution. I am part of team which is responsible for ETL
Design & development along with testing.

Contribution / Highlights:
•   Performed small enhancement
•   Daily load monitoring
•   Attend to Informatica job failures by analyzing the root cause, resolving the failure using standard
documented process.
•   Experience in writing SQL statements.
•   Strong Problem Analysis & Resolution skills and ability to work in Multi Platform Environments
•   Scheduled the Informatica jobs using Informatica scheduler
•   Extensively used ETL methodology for developing and supporting data extraction, transformations and loading process, in a corporate-wide-ETL Solution using Informatica.
•   Involved in creating the Unit cases and uploaded in to Quality Center for Unit Testing and UTR
•   Ensure that daily support tasks are done in accordance with the defined SLA."
